It's time for Columbus.
Brother, why don't you forget it?
Dabi Mountain, the sea will never let you go
Kerr is right
Ya'er, with your current cultivation base
Rashly facing the sea is tantamount to suicide
Wouldn't it be wise to give up?
Don't worry, even if you give up your position as a prince
As long as Dad is still one day
The head of the house next door can ensure that you have no worries about food and clothing.
Dad, don't worry.
A mere jumping beam clown who practices qi
It won't make the deity back down
Dad
Leave it to your brother
I'll sing later
Then Lin Hai didn't dare to be ruthless even if he rang
Lin Haisheng
Elder Liu
Thanks to your careful teaching.
My family Haier has today's record
Hai'er fights and connects
Among their neighbors
There is no opponent for my son at all
That's a must.
But I heard that the prince of the Lin family is not Lin Hai
Instead, let a fool become the world
What's going on here?
Is this indeed the case?
That fool is the son of the head of the house
However, after today's family competition
The position of this prince next door is none other than me, Hai'er
Elder Jiu, don't worry
I don't care about that.
I take Linhai as my disciple
purpose
I just want him to become a direct disciple of Tianzong
As for your neighbor's persimmons, they are nothing
Hai'er can be defeated by the Ninth Elder
That's the name of my neighbor.
Not much to say.
Why isn't this bag over yet?
The antelope hasn't arrived yet.
It's that fool
Just for a fool
Wasted so much time
This is ridiculous.
Let it end
The old man wants to take Lin Hai back to the sect
The red antelope can't fight
Sentenced to admit defeat
Sure enough, it's a shrinking turtle
It's a pity I couldn't kill him myself
I declare who the winner is
Said that the deity is not coming